Brocho-biliary fistula: A rare complication after ruptured liver abscess in a 3\'bd year old child.
Roles of PKC and phospho-adducin in transepithelial fluid secretion by Malpighian tubules of the yellow fever mosquito.
Structure-activity relationships of 33 piperidines as toxicants against female adults of Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae).
[Meningoencephalitis after vaccination against yellow fever with the 17 D strain: 2 cases].
Structural and Nonstructural Genes Contribute to the Genetic Diversity of RNA Viruses.
Efficient transformation of the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti using the piggyBac transposable element vector pBac[3xP3-EGFP afm].
Size heterogeneity in the 3' noncoding region of South American isolates of yellow fever virus.
Alterations of pr-M cleavage and virus export in pr-M junction chimeric dengue viruses.
Vaccination against yellow fever in French Guiana: The impact of educational level, negative beliefs and attitude towards vaccination.
Yellow Fever Virus: Diagnostics for a Persistent Arboviral Threat.
Yellow fever vaccine. IV. Reactogenicity and antibody response in volunteers inoculated with a vaccine free from contaminating avian leukosis viruses.
Modelling the immunological response to a tetravalent dengue vaccine from multiple phase-2 trials in Latin America and South East Asia.
Seroconversion in patients with rheumatic diseases treated with immunomodulators or immunosuppressants, who were inadvertently revaccinated against yellow fever.
Hubris: the recurring pandemic.
Pharmacological validation of an inward-rectifier potassium (Kir) channel as an insecticide target in the yellow fever mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Studies on cyclic passage of yellow fever virus in South American mammals and mosquitoes; marsupials (Metachirus nudicaudatus and Marmosa) in combination with Aedes aegypti as vector.
The kinase inhibitor SFV785 dislocates dengue virus envelope protein from the replication complex and blocks virus assembly.
Yellow fever vaccination coverage following massive emergency immunization campaigns in rural Uganda, May 2011: a community cluster survey.
Isolation of yellow fever virus from mosquitoes in Misiones province, Argentina.
Why are neurons susceptible to Zika virus ?
A newly discovered flavivirus in the yellow fever virus group displays restricted replication in vertebrates.
[Global threats from emerging viral diseases].
Fatal Fournier's gangrene caused by Clostridium ramosum in a patient with central diabetes insipidus and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a case report.
Pulmonary Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis in an Adult Male Presenting with Central Diabetes Insipidus and Diabetes Mellitus: A Case Report.
Refractory diabetes insipidus leading to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus and non-ketotic hyperglycemia in an adolescent male.
Hyperemesis gravidarum followed by refeeding syndrome causes electrolyte abnormalities induced rhabdomyolysis and diabetes insipidus.
[Case of distal renal tubular acidosis complicated with renal diabetes insipidus, showing aggravation of symptoms with occurrence of diabetes mellitus].
Adipsic diabetes insipidus revealing a bifocal intracranial germinoma.
Polyuria with the Concurrent manifestation of Central Diabetes Insipidus (CDI) & Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DM).
[Influence of preventive use of vasopressin tannate on diabetes insipidus and serum sodium at the early postoperation of craniopharyngioma].
A history of diabetes insipidus: paving the road to internal water balance.
Effect of Preserving the Pituitary Stalk During Resection of Craniopharyngioma in Children on the Diabetes Insipidus and Relapse Rates and Long-Term Outcomes.
Double Trouble - Severe Hypernatremia Secondary to Central Diabetes Insipidus Complicated by Hypercalcemic Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus: A Case Report.
Long-Term Follow-up of a Case with Proprotein Convertase 1/3 Deficiency: Transient Diabetes Mellitus with Intervening Diabetic Ketoacidosis During Growth Hormone Therapy.
Early central diabetes insipidus: An ominous sign in post-cardiac arrest patients.
Cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction in patients with idiopathic diabetes insipidus.
The soluble (Pro) renin receptor does not influence lithium-induced diabetes insipidus but does provoke beiging of white adipose tissue in mice.
Transient Diabetes Insipidus After Discontinuation of Vasopressin in Neurological Intensive Care Unit Patients: Case Series and Literature Review.
A novel AVPR2 splice site mutation leads to partial X-linked nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in two brothers.
Chemical chaperone 4-phenylbutylate reduces mutant protein accumulation in the endoplasmic reticulum of arginine vasopressin neurons in a mouse model for familial neurohypophysial diabetes insipidus.
Diagnosis and Management of Combined Central Diabetes Insipidus and Cerebral Salt Wasting Syndrome After Traumatic Brain Injury.
ADHD symptoms in a young patient with central diabetes insipidus.
A novel detrimental homozygous mutation in the WFS1 gene in two sisters from nonconsanguineous parents with untreated diabetes insipidus.
A Novel Mutation in the <i>AVPR2</i> Gene Causing Congenital Nephrogenic Diabetes Insipidus
Delayed Occurrence of Diabetes Insipidus After Transsphenoidal Surgery with Radiologic Evaluation of the Pituitary Stalk on Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Manifestation of Central Diabetes Insipidus in a Patient with Thyroid Storm.
Erdheim-chester disease revealed by diabetes insipidus.
Resolved heart tamponade and controlled exophthalmos, facial pain and diabetes insipidus due to Erdheim-Chester disease.
Temporary diabetes insipidus in 2 men after on-pump coronary artery bypass grafting.
Xanthomatous Hypophysitis Presenting with Diabetes Insipidus Completely Cured Through Transsphenoidal Surgery: Case Report and Literature Review.
Maternal rhabdomyolysis and twin fetal death associated with gestational diabetes insipidus.
Permanent Central Diabetes Insipidus as a Complication of S. pneumoniae Meningitis in the Pediatric Population.
Nilvadipine in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease: A randomised controlled trial.
Effects of Nilvadipine on Cerebral Blood Flow in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Alzheimer disease brain atrophy subtypes are associated with cognition and rate of decline.
Assessment of lipid peroxidation and artificial neural network models in early Alzheimer Disease diagnosis.
Nursing Home Chain Affiliation and Its Impact on Specialty Service Designation for Alzheimer Disease.
Golgin A4 in CSF and granulovacuolar degenerations of patients with Alzheimer disease.
Wnt is here! Could Wnt signalling be promoted to protect against Alzheimer disease?: An Editorial for 'Wnt signaling loss accelerates the appearance of neuropathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease in J20- APP transgenic and wild-type mice' on doi:10.1111/jnc.14278.
Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease and Candidate Risk Genes Involved in Endolysosomal Transport.
Investigation of Causal Effect of Atrial Fibrillation on Alzheimer Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Association Between Genetic Traits for Immune-Mediated Diseases and Alzheimer Disease.
Prion-like mechanisms in Alzheimer disease.
Semantic Memory in the Clinical Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
The Possibility of an Infectious Etiology of Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Antidementia Therapies With Time to Skilled Nursing Facility Admission and Cardiovascular Events Among Elderly Adults With Alzheimer Disease.
Proximity to Parental Symptom Onset and Amyloid-β Burden in Sporadic Alzheimer Disease.
Association of In Vivo [18F]AV-1451 Tau PET Imaging Results With Cortical Atrophy and Symptoms in Typical and Atypical Alzheimer Disease.
Early behavioural changes in familial Alzheimer's disease in the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network.
Intrahippocampal Transplantation of Undifferentiated Human Chorionic- Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Does Not Improve Learning and Memory in the Rat Model of Sporadic Alzheimer Disease.
Scores Obtained from a Simple Cognitive Test of Visuospatial Episodic Memory Performed Decades before Death Are Associated with the Ultimate Presence of Alzheimer Disease Pathology.
Association between blood pressure and Alzheimer disease measured up to 27 years prior to diagnosis: the HUNT Study.
Regional 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Hypometabolism is Associated with Higher Apathy Scores Over Time in Early Alzheimer Disease.
Intranetwork and internetwork connectivity in patients with Alzheimer disease and the association with cerebrospinal fluid biomarker levels.
Protective effect of raisin (currant) against spatial memory impairment and oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease model.
Incremental Validity of Montreal Cognitive Assessment Index Scores in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Aberrant Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease Revealed by Multimodal Neuroimaging Data.
Education-Adjusted Normality Thresholds for FDG-PET in the Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease.
Role of gut microbiota and nutrients in amyloid formation and pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
The impact of transcranial magnetic stimulation on diagnostic confidence in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Defective Insulin Signalling, Mediated by Inflammation, Connects Obesity to Alzheimer Disease; Relevant Pharmacological Therapies and Preventive Dietary Interventions.
Combinatorial Treatment Using Umbilical Cord Perivascular Cells and Aβ Clearance Rescues Vascular Function Following Transient Hypertension in a Rat Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Rare Coding Mutations With Alzheimer Disease and Other Dementias Among Adults of European Ancestry.
Associations of the Top 20 Alzheimer Disease Risk Variants With Brain Amyloidosis.
Nicotinamide mononucleotide inhibits JNK activation to reverse Alzheimer disease.
Emerging ocular biomarkers of Alzheimer disease.
Profiles of β-Amyloid Peptides and Key Secretases in Brain Autopsy Samples Differ with Sex and APOE ε4 Status: Impact for Risk and Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
Polygenic risk of Alzheimer disease is associated with early- and late-life processes.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms predict hypometabolism in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Sex and Race Differences in the Association Between Statin Use and the Incidence of Alzheimer Disease.
Spatiotemporal Distribution of β-Amyloid in Alzheimer Disease Is the Result of Heterogeneous Regional Carrying Capacities.
Association Between Amyloid and Tau Accumulation in Young Adults With Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer Disease.
Discovery of gene-gene interactions across multiple independent data sets of late onset Alzheimer disease from the Alzheimer Disease Genetics Consortium.
Mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer disease: Contemporary approaches to diagnostics and pharmacological intervention.
Donepezil's Effects on Brain Functions of Patients With Alzheimer Disease: A Regional Homogeneity Study Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Multifunctional liposomes delay phenotype progression and prevent memory impairment in a presymptomatic stage mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Potential Role of Aminoprocalcitonin in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer Disease.
Thal Amyloid Stages Do Not Significantly Impact the Correlation Between Neuropathological Change and Cognition in the Alzheimer Disease Continuum.
Predictors of family caregiver ratings of patient quality of life in Alzheimer disease: cross-sectional results from the Canadian Alzheimer's Disease Quality of Life Study.
