Blood Pressure Variability and Progression of Clinical Alzheimer Disease.
Nilvadipine in mild to moderate Alzheimer disease: A randomised controlled trial.
Compensatory Shift of Subcallosal Area and Paraterminal Gyrus White Matter Parameters on DTI in Patients with Alzheimer Disease.
Accuracy and generalization capability of an automatic method for the detection of typical brain hypometabolism in prodromal Alzheimer disease.
Effects of Nilvadipine on Cerebral Blood Flow in Patients With Alzheimer Disease.
Utility of combinations of biomarkers, cognitive markers, and risk factors to predict conversion from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer disease in patients in the Alzheimer's disease neuroimaging initiative.
<sup>1</sup>H MRS spectroscopy in preclinical autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease.
Tracking early decline in cognitive function in older individuals at risk for Alzheimer disease dementia: the Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Cognitive Function Instrument.
Alzheimer Disease Signature Neurodegeneration and APOE Genotype in Mild Cognitive Impairment With Suspected Non-Alzheimer Disease Pathophysiology.
Cognitive reserve and clinical progression in Alzheimer disease: A paradoxical relationship.
Alzheimer disease brain atrophy subtypes are associated with cognition and rate of decline.
The Real-World Medicare Costs of Alzheimer Disease: Considerations for Policy and Care.
Relationship between physical activity, cognition, and Alzheimer pathology in autosomal dominant Alzheimer's disease.
Getting to the Heart of Alzheimer Disease.
In Vivo Characterization and Quantification of Neurofibrillary Tau PET Radioligand <sup>18</sup>F-MK-6240 in Humans from Alzheimer Disease Dementia to Young Controls.
Effects of Alzheimer Disease on Patients and Their Family.
[Anesthesia and Alzheimer disease - Current perceptions].
Glaucoma and Alzheimer Disease: One Age-Related Neurodegenerative Disease of the Brain.
Salient networks: a novel application to study Alzheimer disease.
Assessment of lipid peroxidation and artificial neural network models in early Alzheimer Disease diagnosis.
Nursing Home Chain Affiliation and Its Impact on Specialty Service Designation for Alzheimer Disease.
Golgin A4 in CSF and granulovacuolar degenerations of patients with Alzheimer disease.
Interplay between innate immunity and Alzheimer disease: APOE and TREM2 in the spotlight.
Wnt is here! Could Wnt signalling be promoted to protect against Alzheimer disease?: An Editorial for 'Wnt signaling loss accelerates the appearance of neuropathological hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease in J20- APP transgenic and wild-type mice' on doi:10.1111/jnc.14278.
Predictive Utility of Marketed Volumetric Software Tools in Subjects at Risk for Alzheimer Disease: Do Regions Outside the Hippocampus Matter?
Magnetic resonance imaging texture predicts progression to dementia due to Alzheimer disease earlier than hippocampal volume
Early-Onset Alzheimer Disease and Candidate Risk Genes Involved in Endolysosomal Transport.
Investigation of Causal Effect of Atrial Fibrillation on Alzheimer Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Association Between Genetic Traits for Immune-Mediated Diseases and Alzheimer Disease.
Prion-like mechanisms in Alzheimer disease.
Semantic Memory in the Clinical Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
The Possibility of an Infectious Etiology of Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Antidementia Therapies With Time to Skilled Nursing Facility Admission and Cardiovascular Events Among Elderly Adults With Alzheimer Disease.
Proximity to Parental Symptom Onset and Amyloid-β Burden in Sporadic Alzheimer Disease.
Association of In Vivo [18F]AV-1451 Tau PET Imaging Results With Cortical Atrophy and Symptoms in Typical and Atypical Alzheimer Disease.
Early behavioural changes in familial Alzheimer's disease in the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network.
Alzheimer Disease.
Intrahippocampal Transplantation of Undifferentiated Human Chorionic- Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells Does Not Improve Learning and Memory in the Rat Model of Sporadic Alzheimer Disease.
Early- and late-onset Alzheimer disease: Are they the same entity?
The Role of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Stroke in Familial Alzheimer Disease.
Scores Obtained from a Simple Cognitive Test of Visuospatial Episodic Memory Performed Decades before Death Are Associated with the Ultimate Presence of Alzheimer Disease Pathology.
Association between blood pressure and Alzheimer disease measured up to 27 years prior to diagnosis: the HUNT Study.
"Well, good luck with that": reactions to learning of increased genetic risk for Alzheimer disease.
Regional 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Hypometabolism is Associated with Higher Apathy Scores Over Time in Early Alzheimer Disease.
Intranetwork and internetwork connectivity in patients with Alzheimer disease and the association with cerebrospinal fluid biomarker levels.
Protective effect of raisin (currant) against spatial memory impairment and oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease model.
Incremental Validity of Montreal Cognitive Assessment Index Scores in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease.
Aberrant Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease Revealed by Multimodal Neuroimaging Data.
Education-Adjusted Normality Thresholds for FDG-PET in the Diagnosis of Alzheimer Disease.
Nutrition and Alzheimer Disease.
Role of gut microbiota and nutrients in amyloid formation and pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease.
Meta-analysis of the rs2075650 polymorphism and risk of Alzheimer disease.
The impact of transcranial magnetic stimulation on diagnostic confidence in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Caregivers' Perspectives of Quality of Life of People With Young- and Late-Onset Alzheimer Disease.
Neuropathologic assessment of participants in two multi-center longitudinal observational studies: the Alzheimer Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) and the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network (DIAN).
Asymptomatic Alzheimer disease: Defining resilience.
Head-to-Head Visual Comparison between Brain Perfusion SPECT and Arterial Spin-Labeling MRI with Different Postlabeling Delays in Alzheimer Disease.
NIA-AA staging of preclinical Alzheimer disease: discordance and concordance of CSF and imaging biomarkers.
Sex differences in Alzheimer disease - the gateway to precision medicine.
Occupational exposure to extremely low frequency magnetic fields and risk of Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Defective Insulin Signalling, Mediated by Inflammation, Connects Obesity to Alzheimer Disease; Relevant Pharmacological Therapies and Preventive Dietary Interventions.
Alzheimer disease.
Combinatorial Treatment Using Umbilical Cord Perivascular Cells and Aβ Clearance Rescues Vascular Function Following Transient Hypertension in a Rat Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Association of Rare Coding Mutations With Alzheimer Disease and Other Dementias Among Adults of European Ancestry.
Comparisons between traditional medicines and pharmacotherapies for Alzheimer disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of cognitive outcomes.
Associations of the Top 20 Alzheimer Disease Risk Variants With Brain Amyloidosis.
A test of lens opacity as an indicator of preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Longitudinal cognitive and biomarker changes in dominantly inherited Alzheimer disease.
Nicotinamide mononucleotide inhibits JNK activation to reverse Alzheimer disease.
Neurological manifestations of autosomal dominant familial Alzheimer's disease: a comparison of the published literature with the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network observational study (DIAN-OBS).
Investigation of gene expression and serum levels of PIN1 and eNOS with high blood pressure in patients with Alzheimer disease.
Patient Mood and Instrumental Activities of Daily Living in Alzheimer Disease: Relationship Between Patient and Caregiver Reports.
Emerging ocular biomarkers of Alzheimer disease.
Profiles of β-Amyloid Peptides and Key Secretases in Brain Autopsy Samples Differ with Sex and APOE ε4 Status: Impact for Risk and Progression of Alzheimer Disease.
Polygenic risk of Alzheimer disease is associated with early- and late-life processes.
Targeting Functional Decline in Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Trial.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms predict hypometabolism in preclinical Alzheimer disease.
Pleiotropic Benefits of the Angiotensin Receptor Blocker Candesartan in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer Disease.
Sex and Race Differences in the Association Between Statin Use and the Incidence of Alzheimer Disease.
Dysregulated Metabolism of the Amyloid-β Protein and Therapeutic Approaches in Alzheimer Disease.
Oxidative stress in Alzheimer disease as a target for therapy.
Spatiotemporal Distribution of β-Amyloid in Alzheimer Disease Is the Result of Heterogeneous Regional Carrying Capacities.
Circadian Rest-Activity Pattern Changes in Aging and Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
A phase 3 trial of IV immunoglobulin for Alzheimer disease.
Cognitive and functional progression in Alzheimer disease: A prediction model of latent classes.
Therapeutic Role of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Alzheimer Disease Patients: Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial.
Association Between Amyloid and Tau Accumulation in Young Adults With Autosomal Dominant Alzheimer Disease.
Discovery of gene-gene interactions across multiple independent data sets of late onset Alzheimer disease from the Alzheimer Disease Genetics Consortium.
Mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer disease: Contemporary approaches to diagnostics and pharmacological intervention.
An MRI measure of degenerative and cerebrovascular pathology in Alzheimer disease.
Are Linear Measurements of the Nucleus Basalis of Meynert Suitable as a Diagnostic Biomarker in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease?
Donepezil's Effects on Brain Functions of Patients With Alzheimer Disease: A Regional Homogeneity Study Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Multifunctional liposomes delay phenotype progression and prevent memory impairment in a presymptomatic stage mouse model of Alzheimer disease.
Brain and blood metabolite signatures of pathology and progression in Alzheimer disease: A targeted metabolomics study.
Evaluating Cognitive Reserve Through the Prism of Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Potential Role of Aminoprocalcitonin in the Pathogenesis of Alzheimer Disease.
Active Vaccines for Alzheimer Disease Treatment.
Thal Amyloid Stages Do Not Significantly Impact the Correlation Between Neuropathological Change and Cognition in the Alzheimer Disease Continuum.
Protective properties of lysozyme on β-amyloid pathology: implications for Alzheimer disease.
Predictors of family caregiver ratings of patient quality of life in Alzheimer disease: cross-sectional results from the Canadian Alzheimer's Disease Quality of Life Study.
